# Doubt session


1. Wallet addresses generated by smart contract wallets aren't always portable. Users can't easily import their wallets to other platforms like MetaMask. 
    * Can someone connect their SCW from one platform to another platform? 
    * what if two platform have different signing cryptography algorithm?
    * How can I import my SCW (Smart Contract Wallet) account into another device on the same platform, similar to how I can import my EOA (Externally Owned Account) wallet using a seed phrase, even though it's not a case of social recovery or device loss?

2. Signature and verification Process
    * what is the private in case of smart contract wallet?
    * How unique key connected with User's Smart contract?
    * How can the signature of a transaction be verified to ensure that it belongs to a specific smart contract wallet and is signed by the real owner, if the unique key used for the signature is not directly connected to the smart contract?
    * Is the unique key stored in the user's smart contract encrypted? 

3. what do you mean by Social Recovery?
    * what is the working principle of Social Recovery?
    * is Social recovery means - 
      * deploy another smart contract for user and give access(transfer ownership) to new wallet and frezze old contract?
      * try to find their unique key that belong to user's.
        * If yes then somewhere else have stored their unique key it means unique key is now not private?

4. What do you think , would smart contract wallet replace EOA in future?
    * using SCW(smart contract wallet) , you can't deploy any other smart contract but through EOA does?
    * you need to deploy SCW in all blockchain so it's too much expensive but in case of EOA it's really cheap(don't need to deploy anywhere)
